Or did you investigate clearly?
Dare to come and recruit gods and ghosts
Uh no no
Since you are so well prepared
Then talk about how to treat your wife
Smash this cylinder
Take everything back
Hahaha, did you know
This golden dragon plate cylinder is the old man's favorite object
It's a snow-capped mountain koi
Money is hard to buy
What do you say
Dad, I'll just listen to him and try it out
To really cure your disease
I dealt with him myself
Objects are more expensive than a life
Little brat is so brave
Kill him for me
Would you like to see what this is?
Decide whether to do it or not
Dad, there's really something in here
What is this?
This is the Western Blood Demon Guzheng
With the heads and hearts of 100 newly folded baby girls
Refining with corroded corpse oil for three years
As long as it is placed properly
In less than three days
You can let none of your officials die
Fortunately, your son hired a feng shui master before.
Remodulated it.
Otherwise, your official family would have been destroyed long ago
Feng shui has been broken
Your condition has improved.